did you hear that was that your what dan
I just I heard someone say hello yeah
there's a lot of fish here anybody
literally anybody could have just hid
alone here where am I looking
there oh hi I'm dory yeah well we're
your parents hi
I've lost my family where did you see
them last I forgot I was looking for
something and I okay totally get it
date night I suffer from short-term
memory loss it runs in my family at
least I think it does where are they
dory there you are look out look at this
our friend now take it in whatever this
place is it's a fish sauce pool dude
names Hank I have to find my family
that's a hard one kid I guess you're
stuck here if you're not helping down I
lost my family that is so sad you born
you not a great swimmer our friend is in
there lost alone baby you've got to use
your echolocation I feel stupid
poor babies let me get that for you she
should just pick two and let's go dad
what I'm kidding
I get the feeling they're shushing us
for a reason like something with one big
eye tentacles and snappy thing well
that's very specific but something like
somewhere out there is my family I can't
find him on my own I don't want to be
touched sorry that's okay
everybody does it nothing to be ashamed
of ah I just Becky you trust bet that
he's eating a copper just keep swimming
yeah does this mean you have to say
goodbye to Dory I don't know why I
thought I could do this
dory you were about to find your parents
and when you do that you'll be huh
sea lions they are natural predators
they could counts at any moment ha
my don't you worry don't you worry about
what thing